>> Some believe perception
defines our reality,
that the only real obstacles
that we experience in this world
are the ones that we
persistently allow ourselves
to attach to and believe.
Maybe what we consider
to be random is not
really random at all.
[UPBEAT MUSIC]
This season on Code X,
Metatron, that great architect
of this universal simulation,
has left us a cipher.
Metatron's cube is
actually the geometric form
that defines the entire universe
and our perception within it.
We are not trapped in this
cube, this matrix of mind.
Rather, we are active
participants in it
for our greatest good.
All of it is interconnected
in a sublime symphony
of music and geometry.
I'm Robert Grant,
and this is Code X.
[UPBEAT MUSIC]